Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers, and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Al.
Nama: My name is Naame.
Al: And we're here today to talk about cottagecore games.
Nama: Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
Al: Welcome, Nami. It's been a while.
Nama: Hi, I think this is my first time on second mic.
Nama: I think before I was like, you called me in.
Al: No.
Al: Oh, you were a third.
Nama: I was a third.
Nama: So this is my first time firmly in the co-pilot seat.
Al: Let's have a look. Yes.
Al: Oh, yes, you were on for the the culture discussion. That was that was the super fun. Like this feels not great.
Nama: Yeah.
Nama: I feel like I was on a second time, but I guess this is only my second time.
Al: The only other you were on the greenhouse as well, looks like it was that that was the same
Nama: Okay.
Al: like recording session that we did. We did a Pokemon day presents predictions for 2023.
Nama: Cool.
Nama: I guess that's what I'm thinking of.
Nama: Anyway, hello.
Nama: I'm happy to be here.
Nama: Mm-hmm.
Al: Welcome. Yes. Nami is here because I thought it'd be good to get another person's thoughts on the animal crossing new horizons update, you know, especially with how much Kevin hates the game.
Nama: Well, I enjoy it, you know. We'll get into some stuff. There's good things and there's
Al: No pressure. You have to love the game though. That's all I'm saying.
Nama: other comments, but mostly I was very excited about the news, so I'm pretty happy to contribute
Nama: more to the discussion.
Al: Yeah, so we'll get into that. Before that, we have
Al: I just know many news there was a point this week where I was like, there's almost no news
Al: This episode is gonna be really short because we don't have like a proper main topic, but thankfully
Nama: [laughs]
Al: We have quite a few news, so we will get into them
Al: But we also have feedback which I'll come to next, but first of all now may what have you been up to you?
Nama: So whenever I come on a podcast and we ask this question,
Nama: it's always like so many avenues I could talk about.
Nama: I was like, oh, should I talk about like, you know,
Nama: weird things that happened to me this week?
Nama: Or I mean, mostly people want to hear about games.
Nama: So I'll do that.
Nama: I played Luigi's Mansion 2 on Switch for the month of October
Nama: and I beat it.
Nama: I got credits a little after October.
Nama: It was like November 3rd or so.
Nama: and I came to enjoy that gift.
Nama: My first didn't like the, um, the format of going into the mansion, finishing your objective, coming out of the mansion, clicking through dialogue, going back in, but I kind of settled into the rhythm of just doing a level daily, and that I found that pretty motivating at the end of it.
Nama: So, um, beyond that, um, I am slowly making my way through a Pokemon fire red Nuzlocke. I tried a Nuzlocke, a Pokemon
Nama: one game every fall, like September or so, um, hit a bit of a wall just because there's such a big level jump between Erica and Koga and Sabrina, so I have to, like, commit to some grinding. Um, but my team is really like shaping up. Like I've got a growlith, which is cool. Um, it's got to intimidate, um, what a, I mean, I've got a cadabra, right? You have to have something that can do that special damage. Um,
Al: Yeah. I guess the good thing as well about those games is that especially the time that
Al: you're talking about is there's such a large area of the map you can now go to that you're
Nama: Yes, I think I can still go down the entire biking road, so there's going to be at least like
Al: not just like sitting in one small area of the map grinding. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
Nama: four or five levels from there. And when I beat Luigi's Mansion 2, I went back to my Zelda
Al: Nice.
Nama: Echoes of Wisdom file. I started playing that when the Switch 2 launched and then put it down
Nama: when Donkey Kong came out. So, I'm almost done with it. I think I've...
Nama: I couldn't tell you how many temples there are. There's like seven or eight. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: I've can't I honestly can't remember that detail. I play I played it obsessively for two weeks and then never touched it again
Nama: I think I'm... Right. Yeah. It's fun. I think I'm on the last regular temple and then I'll go to
Al: As is the case for all Zelda games
Nama: the final, like, here's the end of the game temple. And I'm enjoying the, like, thinking around
Nama: How to go across combat.
Nama: Sometimes it's frustrating and it's mostly when I'm out of that energy to become link for a minute.
Al: Yeah. Well, see, this is, this is my thing, right? So, so the thing that really frustrations me about this game is that they're like, here's this really new cool concept here where we're taking Zelda, we're finally going to let you play as Zelda and she's got this whole new way of playing compared to Link. Oh, but also we don't really trust what we're doing. And so we're just going to let you play as Link anyway.
Nama: Yeah, I totally get that point of criticism.
Nama: I think maybe the middle ground would be to give her some kind of...
Nama: Some kind of agency beyond just the echoes.
Nama: I say just the echoes.
Nama: Like, I don't know.
Nama: Maybe like, give her a bow and arrow, like halfway through the game,
Nama: or make her, like her hair flip that she does,
Nama: does do like, I don't know.
Nama: of what a sword slash would do, you know, just something to wear if you are back into a
Nama: corner and all of your other guys are over on the other side of the screen that you can, you know,
Nama: defend yourself. But anyway, that's getting into the weeds of it. I'm having fun with it.
Nama: The last thing that I'll mention, right, the last thing that I'll mention is I got back into
Nama: the animal crossing a little bit with New Horizons, just after
Nama: the announcement came out was my annual Knook Miles day. This is a self-celebrated day that I go in and I
Nama: tried to just get as many Knook Miles as I can. Try not try. Yeah. Well, here's the thing. I think I started this little
Al: The timing was incredible. I don't know how they must know.
Nama: tradition of mine because they announced a big like update, not 2.0, but something I'd have to go back and look at what
Al: I think it must have been 2.0 because they released all the updates in the course of that
Nama: what was coming out four years ago.
Nama: Yeah, maybe it was.
Al: one year.
Al: I don't think they went into a second year, so I'm pretty sure it must have been 2.0.
Nama: Yeah, so we'll just say that they announced 2.0 and I hadn't played in some months.
Nama: And I was like, well, I'll just like do one day where I just do a lot of stuff.
Nama: And I define that by getting as many nook miles as I could.
Nama: So I try to avoid like the top bonus, like plus miles,
Nama: hit a rock, dig a hole, play a lot of your flowers.
Nama: I try to like really focus on the achievements, you know.
Nama: So I think I finally got some more fish because every time I get back into this
Nama: game, it's spring.
Nama: So I have never seen my island in the winter.
Nama: I barely see my island in the fall.
Nama: So I got some fall fish and put those in the museum.
Nama: Did a couple of other things.
Nama: I've, man, I got the 50 achievement for like successful fishes
Nama: in a row and I didn't realize I didn't remember that I was doing it until it awarded
Al: That was such a hard one.
Nama: it to me and then I was like, oh my gosh, now I have to lock in for the hundred and I tried
Nama: not to think about it because I was doing well not thinking about it, but I made it to
Nama: 57, I did seven more and then I choked so sad.
Nama: So I guess in a year I'll forget about it again and then we'll see how far I climb.
Nama: Yeah, okay, a lot to say in a little bit of time, but that's what I've been playing.
Al: Just some real-time feedback just before someone messaged me and tells me I'm wrong.
Al: I am both right and wrong, so I am wrong in that they didn't all release the same year.
Al: They did cover 2020 on 2021, but I am right in that it was 2.0 because that was on the 4th of November 2021.
Nama: So that's why it's that day to anybody asking me, "Why is it on November 4th?"
Al: there you go no you know that's all right I got to make sure that i'm right or wrong before
Nama: Yeah, we got that solved. Thank you for looking that up.
Al: I forgot they released the happy home paradise a day after the update came out they didn't
Al: release them on the same day that is really why did they do that
Nama: that's weird. Yeah. Well, is that also tied to win Nintendo Switch online like made the expansion
Nama: pack? Because I think like my expansion pack route, I think so because my expansion pack
Al: Was that the first was that the first one that came free with the with?
Nama: renews this time of year because that's when it came out. Go ahead, yeah.
Al: So okay, so so so so right just just I'm gonna double check whether that's the case, but but I will say that's non-excuse
Al: They also control that
Nama: Yeah. Yeah. Right.
Al: So it's not like they're waiting for someone else
Al: To do this thing they
Al: own it all
Al: Oh goodness me, so no it was not
Al: I was released in October of 2021.
Al: I feel weak.
Nama: hmm a week before so everybody gets their Nintendo 64 games and then seven days later they get their free
Al: I've not counted if it's exactly seven days. Don't do this to me.
Nama: Animal Crossing DLC or you know whatever
Nama: [Laughter]
Nama: Guys this is the difference between Al and I. I am very comfortable in the in the hypothetical and the figurative
Al: So the 25th of October was expansion packed release.
Al: That was on Monday.
Nama: okay
Al: The next Thursday was the 2.0 update for Animal Crossing.
Al: And then the Friday, the day after that was happy home
Nama: okay
Nama: wow so weird that is very weird that they either do them all at the same time or space them out regularly
Al: Yeah. Well, that's, that's what they're doing here, right? The 3.01, the switch to release both
Nama: yeah
Al: come out in the same day. It would definitely be, I guess it's less weird when it's a DLC specifically
Al: because it's like, that's just like one, especially as it was like, you know, a set for island,
Al: like, it was essentially like a separate game in the game, right? I guess it's less weird in that
Al: way, whereas to like limit the switch to version, you know, you'd be like, oh, you've got the update,
Nama: Right
Al: but not the higher resolution.
Al: >> Good point. I think you know exactly what I've been up to is Pokemon, I've just been playing Pokemon.
Nama: Well, we have plenty of time to talk about this. Let's first ask what you've been up to out
Nama: Hey
Nama: This is the first time since
Nama: Heartgold and soul silver, which is a long time. It's like it's like 15 years
Nama: The first time that I have not gotten the game within let's say a month of release
Nama: possibly even a week of release.
Al: So tell me why. Also, you've got a week until it's a month, but anyway. Tell me why.
Nama: - Cool, yeah, thank you.
Nama: The reason why is basically the cost of all the software
Al: Mm-hmm
Nama: has just been catching up with me.
Nama: It's not a, what's the word?
Nama: A, I'm not boycotting.
Al: You're not boycotting
Al: You just need you just literally need to save up
Nama: I'm happy for it to look like I'm boycotting, right?
Nama: [laughing]
Nama: But it is not an active choice to boycott
Nama: because I got the Switch 2 Dave released.
Nama: I got -- so my idea was when they were coming out with all these prices,
Al: - Yeah.
Al: - Well, that's why you kind of forward it.
Al: You spent all your money on the switch too.
Al: [laughing]
Nama: Mario Kart $80, et cetera, et cetera, $70, you don't come.
Nama: I was like, "Okay, let's look at this."
Nama: I'm going to invest into the new hardware, and I'm going to play my backlog of Switch games,
Al: How dare you have played every game?
Nama: because I -- you know, everybody's got one, I've got one.
Nama: I'm going to play my Switch 1 games on the Switch 2, because it will be -- they'll run better,
Nama: right? Just -- just naturally. But also, I am not -- I'm not at all.
Nama: Everybody, I don't have seven Switch consoles. I was still playing on my Day 1 Switch.
Nama: I never got an OLED. I never got a light. So it was really time for an upgrade,
Nama: just because, like, physically my console was beat up.
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Nama: It was not a good spot. So I got the new console, yeah.
Al: Eight years is a long time.
Nama: I got the new console and I'm very happy to play that.
Nama: But I was like, if these games are going to be 70 or 80 dollars,
Nama: like if you're getting a switch to addition, like that's still an increased price as well.
Nama: So I was like, I think I'm just going to rely on my birthday to get a game on the holidays to get a game.
Nama: And then I am, you know, I work in a public library that's lucky enough to get video
Nama: games. If there's anything really new that I can wait for, then I'll get that for free. And I'll play the library copies of games. But in the meantime, I've got all these other games to play. So that's why I decided to not get Pokémon on release. I just put it on my wish list to get in December. And that is when I'll play it. I'll probably play it like maybe January 1st, you know, or something like that. I don't know.
Nama: But that's that's what's behind the decision so I'm sure you've talked about it
Nama: before but how is it what do you know how do I do I do
Al: Um, so I mean, I will say that I mostly really like this game. Um, I, so I mean,
Al: I've talked before many a time that like, I'm sure I would enjoy better graphics.
Al: I'm sure that, you know, I will, you know, it's, it's the sort of thing that you
Al: don't really know what you've got until you've got it, right? Like if I, if breath of the
Al: wild had worse graphics, I don't think I would have enjoyed it less, but it's not the
Al: thing is like opening the game, going, oh, my word, this is gorgeous, right? Like I
Al: don't open this game and go, this is gorgeous, but I also don't spend my time playing
Al: it going, oh, I hate how this game looks, looks dreadful, right? Like I don't, I just
Al: don't, I don't naturally do that. And that's not to say that anyone else's is worse
Al: for having done that. Like that, that is totally fine. And I, um, I don't need people
Al: to be going like, oh, we need to expect more for our games. I like the game. I like the
Al: game play.
Al: I don't feel like I am missing out and I definitely feel like it has been worth the
Al: money that I have spent to get this game.
Nama: Cool, yeah, I am, oh, good.
Al: There are a few things that I really miss that they didn't add into this game that they
Al: did have in Legends Arcius. I'm very sad about that.
Al: But they have copied over the core gameplay from that that I really enjoyed.
Al: It is more battle focused, which obviously a lot of people were expecting.
Al: Therefore, I would not enjoy it as much. But the way that they have integrated the battles
Al: into the overworld is much better than Legends Arcius did, right?
Nama: Okay
Al: So if you were in Legends Arches.
Al: You went into a battle. It was like, okay, now we're going to pretend like we're still in the overworld. We're going to pretend like it's smooth and seamless and now we're going to like do all these animations and you're suddenly in a battle and know it's completely different, right?
Al: I didn't particularly like that, but I really love how it's like, oh, if you can't catch this book, I'm on literally just tell your Pokémon to attack it and now you can try and catch it again and it's lower health in the exact same way you would be, right?
Al: where it was Legend's arcius.
Al: You go into a battle with a Pokemon, you then were into the old way of catching Pokemon, which I did not like as much, right?
Nama: Yeah, really. I think I knew that. Yeah.
Al: Oh, yeah.
Al: So, yeah, I think they've integrated battling really well, I think it's an upgrade from...
Al: It feels like they've combined the catching in the overworld from Legend's arcius and the let's go mechanic from Scarlet and Violet into a much better...
Nama: Yeah, it really does feel in more ways than in the past because they're always iterating and building off of what came before, but it feels like they are really using the legends games to build out a new experience.
Al: experience overall for both of them.
Al: Mm-hmm
Nama: To make you, quote, feel like a Pokemon trainer, Legends Arceus, they obviously put a lot of development and time into making catching feel really good.
Nama: Because I think at the end of the day, especially with Pokemon goes influence, there really is a desire to make that core mechanic of catching Pokemon fun and addicting and satisfying.
Nama: And, you know, we both played Arceus that is so, it's just a joy to just throw the balls and catch Pokemon and stuff. So then they sat down for this one and say, "Okay, for this next one, let's cross out the next thing."
Al: Mm-hmm
Nama: Which is the battling and kind of work that from the ground up and make that seem like you, quote, "feeling like a Pokemon trainer."
Nama: So, my mind next goes to, "Okay, so for Legends, for Legends 3, what's the next thing?" I'm like, "Oh, sure, sure, sure. For the follow-up to ZA, I think maybe you rework trading.
Al: Well, I'd say legends four. I would argue
Nama: The social aspect of Pokemon, maybe, I don't know, I don't really know how you would re-invigorate that idea, but maybe exploring ways to tweak that or make that more fun or make that more engaging. Beyond, people trying to finish their Pokedexes in the first two weeks of release and then not doing that.
Al: Yeah, yeah. I think, I mean, the kinder did that with Sword and Shield and then Scarlet
Al: and Violet, right, with the raids. And that has given a lot more life to the games between
Nama: Yeah, that's true.
Al: the releases, although really struggling to find the time to do the Scarlet and Violet
Nama: Yeah, yeah, you're really right there.
Al: raids that they're still doing now for some reason. I think what's going to be really interesting
Al: is what from the...
Al: this game goes into Gen 10, because I really struggled with the jump from
Al: Legends Arceus to Scarlet and Violet with catching.
Nama: But yeah, it was like putting on the breaks of your bike.
Al: Exactly. And I felt that a few times with games, right? Like I felt it with
Nama: And I'm pleased.
Al: Sun and Moon when we didn't get soaring from Uras. I thought that was a real
Nama: - Sure, yeah.
Al: downgrade, not getting that. And obviously like in most of the game
Al: since then we have had something like that. I obviously not in this one, just
Al: baffles me. So I wonder what they're going to do. Are they going to go back to
Al: traditional catching? Are they going to do...? In counter Pokemon going to
Al: into different state battle and catch the Pokemon? Or are they going to
Al: Take this mechanic out of the Legends games.
Al: If you will and put it into the next big game because obviously they're all main series, we don't need to have that discussion, it doesn't matter, but obviously new generation games with brand new Pokémon with a big decks, they're the ones that sell the most and have always been and will always be.
Nama: No, I'm not interested in that conversation.
Nama: Yep. Yeah.
Al: Because that's what the majority of casual Pokémon players care about. We are not casual Pokémon players, right?
Al: Those who buy every game, those who play every game for at least tens of hours, if not hundreds of hours, right? Like we were looking at the the the the new.
Al: Switch shop store, that's why I keep thinking shop because eShop, you know, it's called switch store for some reason, the new switch store app, which actually finally gives you the full playtime and breakdown of your playtime and half of my top 10 or Pokémon games.
Nama: Yeah
Al: Um, so we're not.
Al: We're not the casuals, uh, but they are the people the Pokemon need to keep buying the game and the question is, oh, do they risk that do they risk doing something that hasn't been in one of those new generation games before and risk the possibility that upsets people and make means they don't buy the game or do they annoy the core fans who love this way of playing and.
Al: I don't really don't want it to not be in the next game. I don't, I mean, I'm sure that are other people who would prefer that right like I do.
Al: I remember discussions of let's go where people hated the Pokemon in the overworld and wanted random encounters back some people cared about that and but I like there were some of us who are very much pro that idea.
Nama: Well, that's it.
Nama: Yeah.
Al: And clearly that won one out right like I don't think Sword and Shield was the last game that didn't have all the Pokemon in the overworld. They did have some, but not all.
Nama: Yeah, that's what I was going to bring up
Nama: is that there's an approach to this scenario
Nama: that you're describing that we can look
Nama: to a Sword and Shield for, which was,
Nama: and it's too bad we didn't get this right away
Nama: with Scarlet and Violet.
Nama: Everybody liked, well, not everybody, but as you said,
Nama: but many people liked the Pokemon in the overworld
Nama: that let's go introduced,
Nama: and we were curious if Sword and Shield
Nama: would keep that over, and they did both.
Nama: They let you--
Nama: I think that if-- because I don't think that the turn-based thing is going to go away. I think for the sake of competitive-- and that's a whole other conversation. I think for the sake of competitive, we're going to retain the turn-based stuff.
Al: but doesn't Pokemon champions allow them
Nama: Again, that's a whole other discussion.
Al: to keep that out of the main game?
Nama: I think that there will--
Al: I just can't see that the coincidence
Al: of that game coming out this year, in the next year, right?
Nama: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: Like, it's not coming out a couple of years ago,
Al: it's not coming out in a couple of years,
Al: it's coming out now at the time,
Al: just before the next generation of games,
Al: which is almost certainly coming next year.
Nama: Yeah, you're right. You're right, but what I'm getting at is that maybe in Gen 10
Nama: There will be an option to throw the Pokeball yourself or to engage in a
Nama: Turn-based traditional battle where you can just click the button to throw the ball
Al: Kind of like how legends are kissed I guess you could do where you encountered the Pokemon
Nama: Yes, very similar to Legends Arcius
Al: Yeah, maybe I'd be okay with that
Al: I mean personally, I love what they've done with this game, and I would be sad if they they went backwards to kind of what legends are
Nama: Yeah
Al: Arceus had
Al: But I would much prefer that to house garland violet did it right like I like the let's go modern scarlet and violet. I like this more
Nama: Okay cool
Al: Hmm so many thoughts
Nama: Yeah, I'm sure I mean what are we at where we were half an hour into this podcast and we haven't started the podcast yet
Al: You know, we're three weeks after a Pokemon game release of course we're gonna be talking with that
Nama: But I have a feeling that happens a lot
Al: All right. Okay. Well, that's what we've been up to
Al: We'll probably chapped to that Pokemon section
Al: Let's talk about some feedback. We've got two feedbacks first of all
Al: We have a comment on Spotify from ours.
Al: I'm a regular Spotify commenter, Jack. Thank you, Jack, for your comment.
Al: Jack says, "Nice podcast peeps."
Al: This is a comment on the harvest moon.
Al: No, it was the other games of the years where Cody and Kev went back before the podcast
Al: and chose a game of the year, a farming game of the year for every year before the podcast.
Al: Back to when the first harvest moon came out.
Al: So, Jack says, "Hody chose correctly between harvest moon 64 and back to nature.
Al: By the way, the game in harvest moon for girl, I believe that the game ends if you get pregnant/have a baby, but the boy version doesn't if you get married."
Al: So, whoa.
Al: Just so, you know, clearly back then they decided that a woman's ultimate goal is pregnancy and then she may as well we did.
Al: [laughter]
Nama: I don't even know if I want to touch this one.
Nama: Yeah, that's what are you going to do, right? Like,
Nama: that's just the way the world works out.
Al: It's not 30 years any go. I'll go anymore.
Nama: Okay, so I will say about that is that I found your speed run tactic.
Al: I don't know if that's it's certainly nowhere near some of the other speedruns that some of the other games had like
Al: Harvest Harvest Moon a wonderful life for example where you can just say no to going to the farm and then the credit roll
Nama: Oh
Al: There was another one that was mentioned. I think in that podcast, but I can't remember what it was
Al: But yeah, there's a few games that had funny funny endings like that
Al: The other piece of feedback is our self piece of feedback
Al: I had said in the last episode
Al: that I saw people talking about the fact that crafting would use the house storage, but I had no evidence for that and I was no idea where people were getting from turns out
Al: you got it from the news section on the eShop where it talks about the update. It specifically says
Al: you can now make sure to work of crafting by crafting items in batches and pulling materials directly from your storage.
Nama: Oh, man
Al: So we have confirmation that it does use your storage for crafting.
Nama: What a dream come true. I just man that's so awesome
Al: It only took five and a half years to get this feature.
Nama: That's exactly what I was thinking and I wasn't gonna say it, but like like okay
Nama: You said this last week. There's there's clearly a design philosophy
Nama: With making people grab it out of their storage making one at a time running out
Nama: Things in your pocket going back in pulling it out from storage again like somebody or many people on the team wanted that
Nama: Very intentional action of doing it. Maybe that like
Al: Yeah
Al: Did they quit?
Nama: Ferthers the roleplay like it. It maybe it furthers the roleplay of of being out on your own and everything cuz I don't know cuz
Al: Yeah
Nama: The I feel like the the first month of you being it or maybe even the first week of you being on the island
Nama: Is where people were really excited about this crafting stuff?
Nama: But by the time that you have it just looking like any other community in animal crossing
Nama: It's it's your your dough with it. You're like, okay. I don't need to do this anymore
Al: Yeah, so here's my theory is that this is an upgrade that you purchase because that would allow
Nama: Yeah, what can I
Nama: Okay, yeah, that makes up
Al: them to still have that early game experience where you're still crafting things one by one and
Nama: Oh, yeah, totally.
Al: grabbing things at the storage. But this is like Tom comes to you and he's like, Oh, we've got another
Al: upgrade for your house. We can do we can link it to your crafting table and that allows you to
Al: multi-craft and get stuff out your story Jotamat.
Al: I've got so much to do to get back to a sensible star rating on my island because I found
Nama: Watch them
Nama: Watch them lock that behind five star islands or something like that like
Nama: Time to throw out everything onto the lawn
Al: it's the last episode I think I'd said I wasn't sure where my island was.
Al: It turns out it was on my switch too.
Nama: there you go yes would did it ask you um hey there's no profile attached to this island
Al: which is a very sensible place for it to be.
Nama: yeah and I i'd turn that on and I was like oh no
Al: Yeah, media panic, but it was fine.
Nama: yeah yeah yeah yeah yes right
Al: It's a thing you do whenever you transfer it between switches.
Al: It's just obviously presumably that was your first time doing it.
Al: If this is your your your second switch console that you bought.
Al: But yeah, no, it's all there, it's all good,
Al: but apparently.
Al: When I last played the game, I was midway through a renovation.
Al: What I had done was I had created a water island where everything was like, it was like an
Al: atoll, right, where everything was around the edge and the middle was just water.
Al: And I'm like halfway through returning it to being land, which means that I've got these
Al: like strips of...
Al: ...and not watering between them all. So it's going to take no way to finish that up.
Nama: Now we keep talking about animal crossing, when we have a whole section devoted to talking about animal crossing.
Al: Well, should we talk about some other game news then?
Nama: Yes, I'm happy to do that.
Al: So this is where we talk about all the games that Nami doesn't know
Al: First up, we have grimoire groves. They've announced that their console release is coming in Q1 next year
Al: That is switch and Xbox and includes a physical switch version including
Al: deluxe edition
Al: that comes with as I zoom into this low quality
Al: image. If the physical game, a pin set, stickers, an artbook, and the sound track on a CD.
Nama: I love a good CD.
Al: So I, I presume you have not played this game. I played this game and I was fine. It was not for me.
Al: Yes. Yes.
Nama: I like the color scheme. The the theming of it's very nice.
Al: Well, it's a roguelite, so that'll.
Nama: Oh, well, they it seals the deal for you.
Nama: The one thing that I'll say here is that these are some nice-looking pins.
Nama: But I did have a question. So this is a kickstarter, right? And this is the update
Al: Yeah? Correct.
Nama: talking about the physical game release. That's great. What? So you do a lot of kickstarters,
Al: Mm hmm.
Nama: at least maybe you slowed down recently. What do you think is the average timeline for
Nama: these kickstarter games that come to Steam and then then finally get their console release.
Nama: Be it. I don't know. Be it PlayStation first or Nintendo first or wherever it sure.
Al: I mean, the average game doesn't come to any consoles, I would say.
Nama: That's, that's, that's very valid.
Al: It's years though, right?
Al: So let's take this one as an example.
Al: Grimark roves it originally was with the campaign, that's what I'm looking for.
Al: Wars are widely removed the date on it.
Al: Let's say there was a date there, I need to go to, I know I can find this information
Al: somewhere without just scrolling through all the updates.
Al: At July 2023, so this game is actually a very quick game in doing what it's doing.
Al: I'm very impressed with this.
Al: So it kickstarted in July of 2023, it's estimated game release was April's 2024.
Al: The game actually came out early this year, so surprisingly quick, but obviously it's
Nama: - Wow, okay, that is a really fast turnaround.
Al: delayed, like every game, and now less than a year later they've got their, well, I guess
Al: it will be about a year later getting their Switch and Xbox.
Al: So that's very fast for these games.
Al: Most of the games don't even come out in the first place.
Al: And all of those that do, they come out on PC, like I would say maybe two to three years
Al: late. That's pretty standard for these kickstart again.
Al: they all undressed me how long it's going to be every single way.
Al: Almost every single one. There's maybe been two games that have kickstarted that have come out on time.
Nama: Yeah, yeah, I get that.
Nama: The big projects.
Al: The rest, I think two years, two to three years would probably be average for how late they come out.
Al: And then there's only been a handful that have ever come to consoles and it's maybe a year or two later.
Al: because what they tend to do is like,
Al: the game until we're finished on PC and then that means that the clock starts then and then they have to get a porting team to do it because of course they don't know how to make switch games, they don't know how to make PlayStation game. It's almost always switch right.
Nama: Gotcha, okay, right the indie machine
Al: Exactly, exactly. Sometimes it's Xbox because if they've used the Microsoft development tools, it is a button press to release on Xbox.
Nama: Great yeah, so is it pretty? Yeah, is it pretty common for games that use those tools to come out on both Xbox and Nintendo or
Al: assuming obviously there's always bugs in that sort.
Al: But they don't have to start from scratch there, but that's assuming that they've used those tools.
Al: Yeah, I would say that they tend to come out on Xbox at the same time as PC if they're using
Nama: They pretty much satisfied with coming up
Al: those tools because they will like be able to do that at the same time and Xbox even has an
Nama: Oh, yeah, that makes sense.
Al: early access program as well. But they almost all still want to come on Switch because that's where
Al: ever like more than I saw multiple games show the percentages of people asking for content.
Al: And it was something like 70% asking for Switch. So that just gives you the indication of how
Al: high popular this Switch is for people who, you know, play these indie games.
Nama: Yeah, cool.
Al: The others are still there, but they're splitting the 30%.
Al: All right, next we have an update for Moonlight in Garland. They have released their Let's
Al: get cooking update, but you can guess what kind.
Al: with this update. Well, yes. Gicking in general. The list of a bunch of other stuff relating to
Nama: Deserts. Yeah.
Al: the food, right? Obviously, the other characters in the game have favorite foods, and you can give
Al: them to them, or buff them, etc, etc. There's kind of pretty standard cottage core stuff. But if
Al: But if you've been enjoying Finland and Garland, there is another update.
Nama: the
Nama: Overworld art style of this game kind of looks like it would be on like a Windows PC game circa 2002
Al: Hmm. Yeah. I'm thinking Facebook flash game.
Nama: That's what I have to say
Nama: Yeah, okay, so you're picking up a similar thing. It's like, hm, but the I don't know the
Nama: The character and the writing seems pretty good. So I can understand people getting
Al: Do you know the portraits, the conversation portraits feel uncanny valley to me?
Nama: I could see that with some of these characters, like half of them seem pretty standard and then the other half, they're something like weird going on with the eyes.
Al: they want to murder me, like Ryan is horrifying. But yeah, you're right, it's not all of them.
Nama: Yeah, they're like looking right out of the TV.
Nama: Yeah.
Al: Like April looks pretty chill, kind of casual. He's going postal soon.
Nama: Oh yeah, I'm looking at Ryan right now. He knows something.
Nama: Yeah, this is really good for audio, but I'm telling you guys.
Nama: He is one bad haircut away from popping out of your screen and coming
Al: All right, next we have an update for Hello Kitty Island adventure.
Al: This is, well, sorry, not an update, an event because they love their events.
Al: This is the days of plenty event. Celebrate the changing seasons with new
Al: adorable outfits and cozy woodland furniture. Have you played Hello Kitty Island adventure?
Nama: No, I checked it out from the library and I never turned it on.
Nama: It seemed like, well, I mean, everybody was talking about it, but the thing for me being
Al: Mm-hmm.
Nama: outside of this bubble just, but next to the bubble is I thought it had come out much sooner
Nama: that it did.
Nama: People were like talking about it for a really long time and then people stopped talking
Nama: about it and then it came out and I was like, oh, I thought that was already out.
Al: So that'll be because first came out on Apple Arcade two years ago, I want to say.
Nama: Oh, okay, all right, this, you've, you've unlocked something for me.
Al: And then this year is when he came out on Switch and PC.
Al: Yeah, I feel like it was the, it was 2023. I feel like, yeah, July 2023 for Apple Arcade.
Nama: You want to know why I had this disconnect so pronounced the sound?
Al: Is it my fault?
Nama: No, no, no, no. It could be. But no, the sound from South Park where he's like,
Al: Yes, yeah, yeah.
Nama: "I'm playing Hello Kitty Island Adventure," and that was everywhere for a long like on TikTok and
Nama: places. And so it was in my head that people were playing this game, but it wasn't out.
Nama: And I was like, "How does this happen?" So yeah, it being a mobile game first
Nama: me. Okay, like I'm fully on board with everything now.
Al: but also that episode came out in 2016.
Nama: Oh my gosh, yeah. Okay, so I'm back to me and confused. What?
Al: That the game didn't exist when that episode came out.
Nama: Oh my gosh. I'm totally being played right now. That is so funny. Okay, so they just like
Nama: encouraged the Hello Kitty brand to make it. I'm sorry.
Al: Well, so well, okay.
Al: Here we go.
Al: We're diving deep.
Nama: I'm so sorry.
Al: No, no, do not apologize.
Al: There is an interview or there's an article on the verge.
Al: Let me throw this in the show notes so you can look at it
Nama: You go. All right.
Al: and I will put it in the show notes for the podcast
Al: when I release.
Al: Apparently the makers of the game have said
Al: that they didn't know about this
Al: when they announced it, the name is a coincidence.
Nama: Wow
Al: Not 2016, 2006.
Nama: No
Al: So 2006, I've parked an episode
Al: with what was it butters was the character.
Al: I've never seen South Park,
Nama: Uh-huh, no. I've only ever seen clips. Yeah.
Al: so I am totally in the blind.
Al: Apparently the character is called butters.
Al: And he refuses to play World of Warcraft
Al: because he is playing Hello Kitty Island Adventure
Al: and that clip from the game went wild on TikTok.
Al: And six, and apparently this is, yeah,
Al: I think that the coincidentally came up with.
Nama: I'm speechless. I cannot believe this. What a rollercoaster I've been on in the past two minutes.
Al: [laughing]
Nama: This is crazy. Okay, so it's one of those Simpsons predicted at moments. It's just that's just where we're at.
Al: I also believe that South Park did and I'd follow up on the joke in 2023 after the release I haven't seen it.
Nama: Well, they had to they were obligated to
Nama: Wow, okay, well that is my fun fact for the day
Al: All righty. So that is the days of plenty event for Hello Kitty Island adventure.
Al: It is live now until the 18th of November. So if you're listening to this on release day,
Al: you have six days left. Next, we have our final update for the game, which is light
Al: your frontier. Have released their country roads or not have not released are going to release
Al: their country roads update that's out on the 17th of November.
Al: And this includes a bunch of stuff that I think only really makes sense if you've played the game.
Al: You can all objects with your mix. I didn't realize that you had mix that couldn't actually haul anything. That feels like a pretty fundamental part of it.
Nama: Seems like, yeah, like an oversight.
Al: Yeah, and a bunch of other things, roads and bridges, new progression, advanced oils to make your neck last.
Nama: You know, I'm sure I'm sure the light your frontier people are rejoicing that they are going to last longer like
Al: If finally some advanced oils, I consider playing this game once a month, but I still haven't.
Nama: Sure, I so they're it satisfies a very
Nama: specific niche of
Nama: People that like farming games, but are also really into trucks
Al: [laughing]
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Nama: Like I can imagine
Nama: Like a very specific kind of 12-year-old kid who enjoys Minecraft and is like stepping into more games like it and then finding this and we're like, "Oh my gosh! This is awesome!"
Al: - Yeah, this is way, you're totally right.
Al: It's a way for young guys to be able to play farming games
Al: without feeling like they're playing a girly game.
Nama: Uh-huh. That's like, that's what I'm picking up.
Al: That's exactly what it is.
Al: It's Eurotruck Simulator Cross, farming simulator.
Nama: Mm-hmm. Like you get sick paint jobs and your machines are rusting and it's all very, very cool,
Al: [laughing]
Nama: but you're also planting seeds for your pumpkins.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yes. But we.
Al: You know, put on a lot of that stuff in school, right when you're like, oh, yeah, yeah, I, I watch robot wars, I'm cool.
Nama: Yeah. One day that masculine urge will take you over out.
Nama: [laughing]
Nama: Yep.
Nama: You guys ever heard of Mega's XLR?
Al: We, that's the game update news. We also have some new games to talk about.
Nama: - Oh boy.
Al: So, all your excitement, Nami, calm down.
Nama: [laughing]
Al: I can't handle the amount of excitement there.
Nama: Oh, I'm happy.
Nama: These people were working on these games for a long time.
Nama: We got to highlight them,
Nama: and we got to give them their flowers.
Al: Well, first up, this is quite, quite the game. We have Farney our village, and this is a game that's made by the lead programmer of
Al: factory, three, who is also the director of Rinfactory four, and the person who wrote the narrative for both Rinfactory three and four.
Al: So this is like, you know, we've got farming game royalty here.
Al: And let me tell you, I can tell that they worked on Rinfactory three and Rinfactory four.
Nama: [laughing]
Al: This is basically what if Rinfactory five didn't go through 3D?
Nama: I see. Okay. I got you. There's going to be a little divorce here in the fan
Al: That's that's what this feels like to me.
Al: Possibly, possibly. Yeah, I can see why somebody would prefer this, because like, when you go from Rinfactory four to Rinfactory five, it was such a big shift, right?
Al: It's, it's like, it's not, I was going to say it's like going from Sun and Moon to Sword and Shield, but it's not even that it's, I feel like it's going from
Al: a gen five. So black and white. Yeah, no, no, no, gen five to gen eight. I feel like it's going from black and white to Sword and Shield. Like it's, it's a bigger jump.
Nama: 10, five to six.
Nama: Oh, yeah, that is a big jump.
Nama: Yeah, what about, I mean, I don't even know,
Nama: but like the Sonics, like 2D Sonic or 3D Sonic?
Al: Yeah, yeah. And the thing is that they're very fundamentally different styles of gameplay.
Nama: Yeah, different design philosophies.
Al: And not just that, but just in terms of actual gameplay as well, because it's interesting,
Al: you chose that as an example, because I love 2D Sonic games and I hate 3D Sonic games.
Nama: Mm-hmm.
Al: So yeah, yeah, I totally get why somebody,
Nama: Get in line.
Al: I totally get why somebody would like a new Renfactory that is in the style of three or four.
Al: I personally, I'm not a huge fan of any of the Renfactory, so I'm probably not going to pick this one up.
Al: But if you like your farming games, but you want them to have some swords,
Al: this is where you're looking at. And if you like your farming games that also have some swords to
Al: also be, you know, top down 2D-ish, obviously it's 3D, 3D graphics, it's not sprites,
Al: But you get in what I'm saying like the that style of grid
Nama: Yeah
Al: top down farming or site not like 45 degree. I don't know. Is there a term for that? Because we've got top is not top down. It's not said on it's 45 degree
Nama: Yeah. Um, there probably is. I can't think of it.
Al: Diagonally diagonal camera
Nama: Yeah.
Nama: What is which game was it that where all of the sprites are like position weird?
Nama: Is that animal crossing? Is that something else? Like the game cube animal crossing?
Nama: There's there's a game where, uh, to get the angle right? All of the sprites are like tilted at an angle.
Al: Oh, right. Okay. It was like a technical limitation sort of thing.
Nama: Um, I'm trying to remember what that is.
Nama: Yeah, they had in order to get the perspective.
Nama: Right. Maybe it was seldom. Yeah. Anyway, we'll put it somewhere, you can correct yourself next week.
Al: It's ringing bells. It's ringing bells what you're saying.
Al: Maybe or we'll or we'll forget and never mention
Nama: I'm going to go out on a limb and say it was the 3DS Zelda game, the, the, um, you know, the one with the low world and all that link between world.
Al: [laughs]
Al: Ling between worlds wasn't 3DS, was it?
Nama: Yeah, it was.
Al: Was it now game by advance?
Nama: There's link to the past and link between worlds, which is the 3ds game. Anyway, that I'm going on a limb saying it was linked between worlds where they they put them out of an angle.
Al: So it is. Look, look, look, they keep making the puns.
Al: Stop making the pun. I can't keep all these names in my head.
Al: It doesn't help. I've not played this one.
Nama: Right, it's on my list.
Al: Oh, it's on my list as well, but the problem was I was going through
Al: the Zelda games in release order, and I got to Ocarina of time and when I hate this.
Nama: That's right, that's right.
Nama: I told you to do that. That was my mission free.
Nama: When you failed me well do pivot go to the just play the rest of the 2D ones. Oh sure of course yeah
Al: I hate it, Ocarina of time. It's not a fun game.
Al: Oh, sure. That's on my list to do at some point, but the problem is I just I stopped.
Al: So my next game is Oracle Seasons. It's there on my list to play.
Al: It's even on my switch. I have it on the, what's it called?
Al: Nintendo online subscription thing.
Nama: This is my call to action to people out there listening has anybody played those game world colors all the games
Nama: I feel like nobody has played those games people have played links are awakening
Nama: Yeah, people have played links are weakening all the live long day
Nama: And there's like a fan base for minish cap on the Game Boy Advance
Nama: But I I have not met one person who's like oh, I love Oracle of seasons and eighties
Al: It's just on my list. I'll play them at some point, but I just need I still I'm still not over occurring of time. Okay, that that was I enjoyed Zelda 2 and I hated Ocarina of time.
Nama: that's too bad we do not have time to talk about this blast for me that is
Al: I, it's sure. Oh, sure. And would I have enjoyed it? How'd I played it at the time? Maybe, but it's like going back and playing Mario 64. They're not it's it's it's
Nama: ocarina of time debacle because it's such a formative game for so many people
Al: games.
Nama: And now you've made the Mario 64 people really mad.
Al: I've said this before and I will say it again Mario 64 is not a good game.
Al: It was historic and it was important and it needs to have its place and it should be celebrated for what it was.
Al: But do not go in if you've not played the game before.
Al: You will not go into it and have a good time.
Al: That's all I'm saying, right?
Al: And it's not even the controls.
Nama: or I think it's the controls.
Al: controls are a bit finicky, right, but they're fine. It's the camera.
Nama: I think it's the controls.
Al: No, it's the camera. We need it. We needed that second joystick before 3D games became actually good. That's that's all I'm
Nama: Yeah.
Nama: Okay.
Nama: Anyways.
Nama: [laughing]
Nama: Oh yeah.
Nama: Unless you're playing Banjo-Kazooie
Nama: where they got the camera right.
Nama: That's the, if you're playing a 3D game on the N64,
Nama: Banjo-Kazooie is the best use of the camera,
Nama: like even besides Z targeting,
Nama: which I could even have timed it.
Al: Yeah. No, my issue with Ocarina time was the platforming and the controls for combat.
Nama: Oh, yeah. I'll forgive you for that. You can get really good at the combat. You can't get really good at the jumping.
Al: It would like if I did you ever play Crash Bandicoot?
Nama: Uh, a couple times.
Al: Oh my word, like I love that game when I was a kid.
Al: But I tried to go back to it and it's just horrible the platforming.
Nama: It's unforgiving. It is just, it's like, um, dragon's lair, where you just have to know.
Al: and even then like you're gonna fail four times before you get it. Just dreadful.
Al: 8-8-8-8. There are some games I can go back to and there are some games again.
Al: Again, when was the last time you went back to the first Pokemon game?
Nama: Um, it's probably been like five years or so. I was probably like a year after they came out on 3DS
Al: every time, every time I go back to them, I remember why I don't
Nama: which is, yeah.
Nama: I, oh, okay. I remember when it was actually when I played stadium. It was five years ago. It was for the 25th
Nama: anniversary and I played on an OG Game Boy and I like going back to the old Pokemon games
Nama: because of...
Nama: The nostalgia factor, specifically like sitting within the confines of 1998 with your Game Boy with the cables watching the anime, I like engrossing myself in that, but I mean, you can't go to the PC.
Al: Yes.
Nama: just avoid that at all cost.
Al: No, it's, yeah, I hate them. So bad. I think that's the thing is I think that's
Al: how these games still survive in public consciousness. It's because of the nostalgia.
Al: And I do think that if I'd played them at the time, I would have enjoyed them, but it's not the same thing.
Al: I mean, I had fun with Mario 64, but like it's, it's in my opinion, the worst of the three
Al: details. But just people
Al: want to agree with me with the best, which is sunshine. I don't everybody marks sunshine as the worst. I think it's the best 3d Mario second best sorry Bowser's Fury's the best.
Nama: Well, see, that's the thing is I have a better I have a better opinion of Sunshine now,
Nama: but like the thing that you're talking about, which is the camera and the controls a little
Nama: bit, that for me applies to Sunshine, like it really, I think because it seems like it
Nama: should control like Galaxy, it seems modern enough, but they were really still only just
Nama: figuring out all of this stuff. Sunshine was like 2003.
Nama: It was not long into all of this stuff.
Al: It doesn't, but this is the thing, it feels decades better than Mario 64 in my opinion.
Nama: Yeah, I mean, they made a lot of progress in that time.
Al: Like even just, even just the graphics, it feels like someone just turned on graphics between those two
Nama: Yeah.
Nama: Exactly. I know what you're talking about.
Nama: I don't know, especially when you were like, our first coming back to it after a while,
Nama: you're like, oh man, I cannot control this. By the time you're like a couple hours into it,
Nama: but that's probably, yeah. Anyway.
Al: That's that's fair. That's fair. That's fair. Yes. Uh, yeah, this is not a Mario podcast. Uh,
Nama: The funny village, go play it if you like.
Al: anyway, far near village, uh, there's a blur about, I'll, I'll quickly go through the
Al: blurb, uh, a game shapes by the fantasy world you, you'd love to live in. You remember
Al: nothing but your own name and begin and have a new life in a peaceful village that is exactly
Al: how every room factory has started. Tell the soil, go fishing, cook, forge, fall in love,
Al: explore the world and teach a mysterious girl what it means to enjoy a meal. That sounds
Al: weird. I don't know. That sounds really weird. I don't like any of that sentence. Ever
Nama: Why is it in quotes?
Nama: I don't know, okay.
Al: wish the world kept going after the story ends so you could live your daily life there.
Al: No worries. This is a game where you can continue your days in the world you've completed.
Al: Um, I'm gonna say that probably, uh, this is like translated by either
Al: people whose first language is Japanese or automatically translated and that explains kind
Al: of the some of the weirdness in the, the wording there. But basically what they've just described
Nama: Yeah. Cool. Makes sense to me.
Al: there is rim factory. So kickstarters live if it sounds like what you want. If you want
Al: a new rim factory, that's not 3d. That, that's who you are. You know who you are. Next we have
Nama: I'm going to say Delfinie.
Al: Delphinium or Delphinium, I'm undecided.
Al: Yes, let's go with Delphinium, a farming sim in which cultivating connections with those around you matters just as much as growing crops sometimes even more so.
Al: I mean that sounds like stargy to me.
Nama: Well
Al: One interesting choice of blurb.
Nama: See the blurb sounds like stardew, but when you look at this trailer
Nama: I got to tell you out of all the games. We're talking about today
Nama: Maybe besides Animal Crossing. This is the most interesting to me
Nama: I really like the art style that they're going for and the game structure of it
Nama: They're really highlighting besides the farming. They're highlighting this
Nama: Conversation system that they've built and there's like skill trees, but there's people
Nama: on them and you know connecting concepts to relationships and goals to
Nama: Concepts and it looks really interesting
Al: So I would say I agree with you and that it all looks very interesting, but it also looks like hell.
Al: I don't want to play a game that does that, like I think it sounds like someone's gone,
Nama: [laughter]
Al: here's a really interesting concept for the game, but not actually thought about whether it would be fun
Al: to play or not. I don't know, I know people enjoy different things and maybe people will enjoy this,
Nama: Sure. Yeah.
Al: but it just feels like work to me, like we're doing this weird spreadsheet thing.
Nama: Well, I don't know, I think there is a fundamental like personality difference here is that
Nama: like I do like relationships in gaming and in real life and keeping things, I mean,
Al: wow, harsh much. Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. Yeah. I don't think it's the social aspect that I
Nama: I'm not saying that, but I don't know, I think it's fair to say that I'm a little more social than you
Nama: are. And so making a game about social activity would be fun for me.
Nama: The spreadsheet.
Al: dislike. It's the, yeah, it's, well, I mean, it's not obviously not especially as a graph,
Al: but it just feels like a fancy wheel making a spreadsheet, right? Like it's,
Al: I don't know, it's just maybe a part of the issue, I think, is that it feels more management game-y
Al: style-y, that aspect of it, rather than the rest of it, right? Which I've talked about never massively
Nama: Yeah. And maybe we're talking about a fraction of what this game is. They really highlight this
Al: enjoying. Possibly.
Nama: a lot in several moments in this trailer, but they're also showing your regular crops and fishing
Nama: minigames and navigating the world map and all that. So there's a lot more going on, but it definitely
Nama: seems like the major hook is this and they say it in the
Al: I'm glad you brought up the fishing game. I, fishing minigame. I, I like the look of this
Al: fishing minigame. It's very rare that we actually get a new concept for the fishing minigame.
Nama: Uh-huh, it's different.
Al: They're normally, they're normally like either it's the starchy way or it's the animal crossing
Al: way and it's maybe slightly tweaked, but this looks very different.
Nama: Yeah, for people who haven't seen it, it looks kind of like an FPS a little bit, you've got the fish on this circle, and you've got a reticle, and you're trying to keep the fish inside of your reticle, which is a little bit like Stardew, but as opposed to that going up and down, this is kind of navigating across the disk.
Al: Yeah, I feel like there's much more control over it than Stardew, which is why I like the look of it, right?
Al: Where it's Stardew is like you you have to press you it's one button press it's press press to raise it and if you raise it to high
Al: You're probably lost fish whereas this is like you're you're constantly aiming to get to the fish
Al: And so if you make a wrong move you just like go back up and left you don't have to wait for it to come back down with gravity
Nama: Yeah, yeah, lots of agency, but I mean, you know, we're talking about a fishing game
Nama: But it could be a lot of work. You got to be very involved with it
Nama: You can't just wait for it your controller to rumble or for the thing to make a sound and hit the button
Nama: But yeah, it does I I do see your point about it being a new take which is not common
Al: And I do think I'm not I'm not against the animal crossing way of just wait until I'm impressed the
Al: button. Um, I could think there are advantages of that because I think these mini games do get a bit
Al: boring after you've played a hundred hours of a game. Um, but, um, I think if you're going to do
Nama: Uh-huh, right.
Al: something, do something, don't just be like, oh, we're going to do the starchy thing, right? Like
Nama: What I want is a way to ensure the least amount of failure is possible.
Al: that's been done. And it was fine, but like try something else or don't bother. I would
Nama: I really dislike when I throw my line, especially if I'm using bait,
Nama: you know, a resource that I'm losing.
Nama: And then I fail it and I have to like cast my line again that stuff is really discouraging to me when I'm wasting time or resources.
Nama: So if it's something that you can get good at that, you know, takes away a little bit for me, like in a good way, like I'm not as upset about it.
Al: Yeah, I think I agree. If I fail because of my skill, I'm much more
Al: Not happy because I'm obviously annoyed that I've mucked up
Al: But I'm much much prefer that because it's like I mucked up rather than
Al: The game is just it feels like the game has ruined it for me sort of thing
Nama: Especially when it comes down to like oh, I just hit the button too late or too early like that. It's like ah
Al: Exactly
Al: Yeah
Nama: No, don't don't do that to me, please
Nama: Anyway, that looks great. I'm gonna keep my eye out
Al: Yes, so that is also live on Kickstarter just now. I don't think I'm gonna kickstart either of these games
Al: I'm trying to keep going with my not kickstarting and neither of these are saying I must play this as soon as it comes out
Al: so
Al: Our final new game is called peaceful days and this has been out on an early access for the while
Al: But apparently I didn't I didn't learn about it until now because it is just released its
Al: 1.0
Al: So this is the blurb for this one is take over a cozy local farm in the charming seaside town of Aurora
Al: Meet friendly locals reveal the secrets and enjoy your new peaceful life. Hey look, it's starchy valley
Nama: Hey, look, it's Stardew Valley, like in the most painful way that we can say that, like this is just
Nama: Stardew, like they they have the caverns and stuff that you're mining and going down and down and down like that is just blatant
Nama: blatant stardews
Al: - Yeah, and I'm not against that,
Al: but I'm not seeing here what it is also doing differently, right?
Al: Like, Stardew wouldn't have become Stardew
Al: if it was just Harvest Moon, right?
Al: Like, the whole point was,
Al: I wanna make a better Harvest Moon.
Al: And so if this is trying to make a better Stardew,
Al: what exactly is it doing that's different?
Al: And I'm not really seeing that.
Nama: It's racing ostriches. That's got my $5 right there
Nama: Yeah, there's there's a couple of moments in this trailer. I'm like, oh, I haven't seen that before
Nama: Like there's a big old monster that comes out of the ground and
Al: Ah, it's been done before.
Nama: Oh sure sure sure there's like this big concert that you can go to
Nama: What also has been done before but yeah in terms of like the set pieces and the art style
Nama: and all of that. It's really just looking like hey, we could do this too. So we're going to and I'm not
Nama: as
Nama: Jazzed about that. I mean I don't want to come too hard on on this because people worked I I you know people worked on this
Nama: It's been in access for some time, but like the title peaceful days like
Nama: Can you it's like typing in keyboard? Please tell me what to name my farming game that is cozy?
Al: [laughter]
Nama: You should call it peaceful day. It's like I don't want to I'm gonna say it sounds like an AI title like what is why is it like that call it something?
Al: Yeah, yeah, I guess the problem then is you end up calling it like cheese farm village.
Al: You know, like you just end up with the the standard Stardew Valley style that everyone else names us.
Nama: What it's gonna be anyway
Nama: Yeah
Nama: Anyway, I think that's I think yeah, I think what we've said more on the game than we intended
Al: Naming is hard. I get that.
Al: Well, I will say one more thing. We'll do more.
Al: One, it does have very positive on its reviews on steam. So there's something there. It's got steam DB rating of 78%.
Al: So it sounds like some people are at least enjoying it, which is good.
Al: And I think this fell into the 2020 bucket of Stardew clones that everybody was doing, right?
Al: Like three years after Stardew came out for years after Stardew came out, but three years after we got.
Al: Big, right? Like it really got big in 2017 was the time when everyone was releasing their their Stardew clones, because it takes a few years to get to that point, right?
Al: And this is clearly one developer doing this. And so I think it's just fallen into that box of hey, Stardew clone, where does now we're generally getting games that are trying to do a bit more because they realize that you can't just do a Stardew clone.
Nama: They're doing "Start to Clone" and...
Al: Yes, whereas this is just he's finished off his Stardew clone now, which he released five years ago on the third of February 2020, one amazing time to release that that was two weeks before Animal Crossing New Horizons and the world shut down.
Nama: Right.
Nama: Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Al: All right, that's all of our news game news and our new games. So now we're going to talk to.
Al: And now me a little bit about his thoughts on the Animal Crossing New Horizons 3.0 update and switch to edition. So I don't know where do you want to start what your thoughts.
Nama: Let's see, there was just so much stuff that it was 15 minutes long and it talked about the
Nama: switch to addition and it talked about all of the things in the update. Yeah, probably.
Al: Let's start with a Switch 2 edition then. Are you gonna buy it?
Nama: The price makes it really easy to like the $5 was a real pleasant surprise. Normally when they're
Nama: like we're not going to tell you the price because we're a little worried about it.
Al: [laughs]
Nama: But they didn't and you look it up and you're like, Oh, it's only $5. It makes sense because you're
Nama: not getting a frame rate boost. You're not getting a ton of stuff that 3.0 is providing. The biggest
Nama: question that this podcast has asked that other people in the community have asked is why didn't
Nama: they just put all of this stuff into a switch to addition and then, you know, make it
Nama: $15 or $10 or whatever. I guess some people included myself have just concluded that this is
Nama: for the sake of the community because it is a community driven game, people play it. If they're not
Nama: playing it at the same time, like, you know, 12 players would want, they are playing it at
Nama: conjunction with each other, like side by side. Um, so yeah,
Nama: I'm probably going to just pick it up. I'll put a fiber down for it. Um, the, you're getting the
Nama: resolution, which is nice. What I'm most excited with the switch to addition specifically is the mouse
Nama: mode. I think.
Al: interesting. Tell me, tell me why, because I'm never going to use it. I'm paying for the resolution
Al: because I'm always going to, if you give me an update for a game that costs five dollars and
Al: increases the resolution, I'm buying it any day. Right. So I won't use the other features, but I want
Nama: Yeah, yeah
Al: that one that high resolution but tell me what you're going to use the most
Nama: Well, the I find I'm I'm like you in that I'm not very motivated to decorate
Nama: Internally I like what people do I like how many items there are and I like collecting the items
Nama: but going through the motions of putting all that stuff on the walls or on the floor I find
Nama: what's the word tedious
Nama: So I see mouse mode. I see that you can highlight a bunch of stuff. You can move everything around you can pull things out of the storage pretty easily
Nama: That seems to take away the tedium that is tied to go over here on the grid click the button pick it up go over here on the grid
Al: So you're almost hoping it'll make you want to decorate.
Nama: Taking a lot of the button presses away which is taking a lot of the time away
Nama: Just swooping over
Nama: Yeah, I think it's gonna I'm hoping that it will motivate me to put in the time to
Nama: Swish around and go boom, boom, boom, boom, and here's my nice room
Nama: Now I still have to go through all of the items that I have in my inventory and decide you know
Nama: I have to actually
Nama: Interior design myself, but at least putting my thought into the screen will will be faster
Nama: end and
Nama: more convenient than going through a bunch of menus by button press
Al: Okay, interesting, fair enough.
Nama: Yeah, I mean it also applies to the overworld and there's a lot with the overworld that would be really nice to
Nama: Not have to go up with
Nama: Like I don't know to the extent of what the mouse mode will help with because like for instance
Nama: I'm sure they'll want you to manually shovel everything still like if I'm picking up a flower or or or things
Nama: Like that, but anything that can take away these tedious
Nama: Do it over and over and over again stuff is
Nama: Motivating to me because I mean we talked about that with the crafting we'll talk about that again probably
Nama: Like the bulk crafting and all that is like such a game-changer in terms of respecting the player's time and
Nama: I'm hoping that the mouse mode will also contribute to that idea of respecting the players to
Al: Yeah, okay, fair enough. I guess my thing about most mode is I
Al: The switch to me is
Al: Handheld or TV device. I don't really think of it as being anything other than that and in those situations the last
Nama: I suppose, I have, you know, a coffee table in front of my couch, so when I have done mouse stuff,
Nama: like I got welcome tour and I had fun with those mouse mini games. It was not difficult for me to
Nama: just slap my Joy-Con 2 down and do the mouse stuff. It is a bit of a commitment, right?
Nama: If you're playing at handheld and I do play handheld, 50% of the time.
Nama: It's not very easy to just like, "Okay, now I've got to go to a table. I've got to put my tablet down for me to look at. I've got to put the controller on the table."
Nama: But when I'm playing Animal Crossing, I don't know, I'm not opening it up for 15 minutes.
Nama: Like, ideally I am sitting down or lying down or whatever. Like, locked in for 30 minutes.
Nama: So, I don't know. Certainly, I'm not going to be starting a big interior design project when I'm on the bus.
Al: Yeah, okay
Al: Yeah, no, that's fair. That's fair. I get that. And I'm not here to say that you're wrong.
Al: That's not what I'm doing at all. It's, yeah, it's more just like trying to understand,
Nama: Yeah, certainly, yeah. We're just bouncing.
Al: because like I, I still haven't played Drag X Drive, which is like the wheelchair basketball game,
Nama: Oh yeah. I was going to...
Al: which I really want to play. But I just can't, I just can't find the time or place to be like,
Al: no, I'm going into mouse mode. You know, like it just, I feel like I need to be at my desk in front of
Nama: Right.
Al: my monitor doing that. I don't want to do it on a coffee table on the sofa. I don't want to do it on the arms of
Al: my sofa. I don't like, I want to be doing it on a on my desk at my monitor. And I don't game like that.
Nama: Yeah, that's fine.
Nama: Yeah, Dragon Drive, I was gonna get that
Nama: 'cause I'm interested in like new ideas for games
Nama: and new ways to play games.
Nama: But I heard like I, the reviews actually kept me away from it
Nama: 'cause people were like, it's just this.
Al: Yeah, I mean that's kind of reflected in the price though, right? Like I it's kind of why I expected I
Nama: There's no like, purse, yeah.
Nama: Yeah.
Al: Is really bad. I've actually bought the game. I've just not played it because I was like
Al: I want to support this
Al: In principle even if I've not played it. Yeah, I want to be like, yes, please do more stuff like this
Nama: right yeah well that's kind of it for switch to addition but I mean the bulk of
Al: Yeah, I don't know
Nama: this is the 3.0 yeah
Al: Yeah, go for it. So I guess the the big thing is the resort hotel, right? Like that's what they're they're the content update. I guess most of the stuff is other than this most of the stuff is either, you know, quality of life improvements or new furniture.
Al: So, um, what do you think about the resort hotel? You're going to be going in there and designing all the, the rooms.
Nama: I honestly know I'm probably going to do the tutorial and then never go in there again.
Nama: Which I know is funny because I just talked about how I'm excited to use the mouse to decorate
Nama: stuff.
Nama: But I'm just so confused why they did this when that was the entire, like DLC was making
Nama: rooms according to the missions that people give you.
Nama: They just did that twice.
Al: It's happy. Happy hotel designer
Nama: And yeah, but we already had it.
Nama: We have island designer. I just, it's so weird to me that they did the same thing twice.
Nama: So they're like, do you like happy home designer? Great. Do you like happy home designer? Again?
Nama: I guess, are you going to make me pay for it? No.
Al: to be fair to be totally fair animal crossing people do like happy home designer, and yes,
Nama: You already paid for the other one.
Al: they would like happy home designer again, please and thank you.
Nama: But the weird thing to me is, I mean, okay, there's some holes in my animal crossing as there is for a few people that came back with new horizons, but happy home designer is a standalone 3DS game. Is that right? Okay, and then is there any aspect of happy home designer in new leaf? I don't know, I don't think so, but, yeah.
Al: We need Kevin for that I think!
Nama: So, I'm just going to
Nama: to go to the Google really something really fast. But happy home designer is not a best-selling animal crossing game. It is not a multi-million-million-dollar game.
Al: No. No, okay, so I don't think they're doing it because happy home designer. I think they're
Al: doing it because Animal Crossing people like designing things, right? And this is a way
Al: much like with the the new slumber island, it's a way for Animal Crossing people to design more
Al: stuff without getting rid of their existing stuff. And so I don't know, maybe it's too simple to just
Al: again, but like if we know Animal Crossing people like designing things and here's a bunch of
Al: stuff for you to design stuff. How about more stuff to design stuff?
Nama: it's so weird to me that they just did the same thing twice. I just don't, I don't get it.
Nama: I don't know, maybe this is, you know, weird and it's against the idea of making it free,
Nama: because if the thing is like, okay, we made the DLC free and I don't know, the weird thing for me
Nama: is that the DLC has always kind of been shuffled under the rug. Like if you're a
Nama: Nintendo Switch online subscriber, you just get it for free, so you don't have to pay for it.
Nama: Um, which can make it for subscribers easy to forget about. Um, and then here you are with this,
Nama: which is I, maybe there's differences, but it seems to me effectively the same thing
Nama: and it's free now and it's on the island. You don't need to fly anywhere. You don't need to like
Nama: wait for that loading screen. I don't know. It's just, it's just strange.
Al: it almost feels like the hotel should have been what the DLC was and then the DLC should have been
Al: other islands to design on like what they ended up making a slumber island like just
Al: here are islands that you have to design for people rather than just houses at a
Nama: Yeah, whatever, but by the way, new leaf on 3DS sold 13 million copies and happy home designer sold three million copies. So
Al: Okay, I mean 3 million is not nothing.
Nama: Yeah, whatever
Nama: It's not nothing. It's more than I would have expected. I was thinking it was gonna be like one million copies
Nama: It is 23% of the audience from new leaf picked up. Yeah
Al: Yeah
Al: That's not nothing
Al: That's I actually feel that's quite high
Nama: Yeah, yeah, I'm I'm I'm
Nama: you know walking it back a little I thought I was gonna be like one million
Al: Yeah, I know and also like yes happy home designer wasn't a DLC for new leaf, but it may as well have been
Nama: - Yeah, really.
Al: Like I just feel like Nintendo wasn't really in the DLC mood at that point, right?
Al: like that wasn't a thing that they had really done. They didn't really do DLC
Al: until I guess they did it on the Wii U with Mario Kart 8 Deluxe but like handheld they didn't really do it till this switch.
Nama: So beyond that I'm you know touching on the other stuff. There's nine case storage. That's great
Nama: I love that I would I really lost my steam
Nama: for
Nama: Playing the game daily when I discovered that I was gonna run out of space trying to collect everything I
Nama: Don't know if I can still collect everything with nine k. Just because there's I wanted to get like
Nama: Each color of each clothing, you know, I I wanted to really really commit and I couldn't so I was like, oh, okay forget it
Al: Yeah. Yeah. Fair.
Nama: But nine k is great. I like that
Nama: You know recetti getting back in his in into the game is fun
Nama: The dream world a
Al: I'm giving you a positive thing to do this time rather than just shouting at you.
Nama: Pause he's he's yeah
Nama: It's just fun to see him, right because so many people
Nama: In their younger days, remember to recetti as like one of the more iconic animal crossing characters
Nama: So getting him back in this nice
Al: I'm with likes this time.
Nama: But dream world dream world. I like dream world is really exciting to me
Al: Yep, I agree.
Nama: The thing about it is I have all like many times considered
Nama: Let's just make a new
Nama: Island a new starting point. Let's just start the game over. We'll craft from scratch
Nama: I've never done it because I put so much work
Nama: Into my original island, so I don't want to I don't want to like that slate
Nama: So, being able to just.
Nama: kind of relive. Those early days and being excited about what you're going to do with the space and being able to use all your items, but if you want to, you can just, you know, pretend like it's a brand new save file. I that's that's cool.
Nama: One thing that I wish you could do is I wish you could the game would track your villagers that have lived on your island from day one to now. And then.
Al: And then you could invite them to your your dream islands. Yeah, that'd be cool. That'd be cool
Nama: Yes.
Nama: Right. Like the, you still have the max of like seven or however many it is, but like you could have completely different villagers on your cannon island. And then a different batch on your first island and then a different batch on your second. You still have to collect them all naturally through the campground and stuff. But if you, if it could remember everybody, then that would be, that would be fun for me.
Al: Yeah
Al: Yeah, that would also be nice for when like because this is this is it would work
Al: Thematically right because it's like this is a dream. This isn't real and so you're essentially dreaming up
Nama: Yeah.
Al: Oh, I remember this person
Al: Let me bring them to my dream island
Nama: Mm-hmm.
Al: It would also mean that like because we are going to come there's gonna be a lot of heartbroken people very soon when they log into their games
Al: And realize they've lost a villager because that happens right if you've not played the game for a certain amount of time
Al: There is a chance that one of your relatives moves out without talking to you.
Al: And that is heartbreaking for some people, and so giving you the ability to be like, "Oh yeah, well you can get the memory of that villager onto one of your dream islands."
Nama: Yeah, I so I don't think that there's really anything to suggest that you can do that, but it would be cool if you could
Nama: Before I talk about the Nintendo consoles will just touch on the Lego collaboration the Zelda the Splatoon
Nama: I think that's all cool. Um, I think it's a
Nama: Little worrying to me that this Zelda and Splatoon stuff are tied behind a mebo just because I
Nama: Some Zelda amiibo
Nama: Am I gonna get
Nama: Everybody that I want with with the fu Zelda amiibo that I have or is one piece of an outfit lost to me forever because I don't have the
Nama: The moblin amiibo, you know what I mean? Like
Al: Yeah, that's fair. I would say I would never recommend that people pirate amiibo's, right?
Al: That would obviously be not something that I would ever recommend that that would obviously be very, very wrong,
Nama: No, that's frankly anti corporation now. I'm surprised that you didn't even say something like
Al: but it's something that people can and probably will do.
Al: I'm not saying I'm saying, I'm saying I would never tell people to do that. I would never
Nama: Yeah.
Al: reveal people to Google how to create fake amiibo that would be bad. Like, uh,
Al: I wouldn't tell them that there are very easy tutorials to find how to do that on the internet.
Al: And if you don't want to be able to do that, if you don't have a device that would let you
Al: write NFC tags, then I would not tell them that it on Etsy, you can buy batches of loads of them
Al: for 10 quid. I would not tell people that.
Nama: Well, be that as it may.
Nama: I, yeah.
Al: No, I think your point is still totally valid because that is tech.
Al: So it's a totally fair point like locking the stuff behind me will not amazing having said that it is just cosmetic stuff
Nama: Right, nobody.
Nama: I'm like, unless you want the bird, you know, unless you want tooling,
Al: Sure, yeah
Nama: I am I gonna have to go out and spend, you know.
Nama: Again, you've you've talked about other strategies, but am I gonna have to go out and spend $35 on a tool in amoebo to get the bird in my game?
Al: Will yeah, that is silly will you be able to treat will you be able to treat these villages like the others where if they're leaving someone's island you can go and steal them
Nama: Like that's that's what's silly.
Nama: That's really silly.
Nama: maybe, probably, probably. It's a little bit of, you know, again, a little bit of work,
Al: That's another way then
Al: It is a little bit work, but it does mean it yeah
Nama: but it's a way to do it for free, because then you can just scan them again and then get them,
Al: Exactly, you just need one friend who has it and they can they can they can
Nama: yeah, coordinate. So sure, yeah, that's fine. I'm also curious if there are going to be other
Nama: villagers. They only confirmed Tulin, and I'm sorry. I want to say pneumonia, but that's not even
Nama: minura. So they've confirmed those two, but Kevin is right that there have been other
Nama: characters from New Leaf based on animals that you could do. I wonder if they just haven't
Nama: like confirmed them and they are coming.
Al: I don't know. It seems weird because it's like the way they talked about it didn't like if there had been more. I would have expected that
Al: And more or a dot dot dot or something like that. It didn't hint at there being more than just the two
Nama: right? Sure. Yeah. Okay. So they've done wolf link, right? Uh, because like, okay,
Al: Okay, I'll take your word for it
Nama: link was a wolf, we can go. Okay. They have that he was a new leaf. Um, where, if you
Al: Okay, it sounded like a question, but that's fine
Nama: haven't like played any tears with the kingdom, then skip ahead, like two minutes or whatever.
Al: Are we spiraling tears of the kingdom here yeah yeah yeah okay so what wait what
Nama: Zelda's, yes, yeah, we are. We are. Zelda's a drag.
Nama: And in tears of the kingdom. That's what I'm wondering. That's my question to you. Is there, yeah,
Al: animal would that map turn animal crossing let me get a list up of all the
Nama: because we could get Zelda in this, in this game, if we are just a little creative.
Al: Okay, so this alligator, it's my first thought.
Al: Although I don't think the alligators are in New Horizons.
Al: Are they?
Nama: mmm I feel like they might be because I haven't seen anything
Al: Alligator, alligator definitely looks like the default
Al: that it would be because there apparently is one villager
Al: called Drago, who is an alligator,
Nama: Uh-huh.
Al: but is obviously clearly a dragon.
Nama: A drag? Okay, let me look up with what draggo looks like.
Al: And I is in New Horizons, my bad. Both. Yeah, both the alligators and dragon himself.
Nama: That's a good idea.
Nama: Okay, see, I feel like they have everybody in New Horizons.
Nama: Yes, oh, he totally looks like a dragon.
Nama: He looks like a Chinese dragon, but still.
Al: I don't need to go any further, because the fact that they have a dragon as an alligator,
Nama: And...
Nama: Yep.
Al: that would be the one they would do. They wouldn't do a different way.
Nama: Yeah, so I'm wondering...
Nama: We have the technology. We can put Zelda in here.
Al: [laughing]
Nama: That'd be cool.
Nama: Yep.
Nama: So anyway, that's my thoughts about that. Splatoon, who cares?
Nama: You either Splatoon is your life, or you don't care about Splatoon.
Al: I played Splatoon 1 on the Wii U because there was nothing else to play on the Wii U. I never
Nama: Yeah, it's a fun game.
Nama: But, like, there are people, there are people who, like, Splatoon, it's like Pokemon for them, like, they wake up, and they think about Splatoon, and then they play it, and then they go to bed.
Nama: So, for everybody who wants that on their island, that's great. But, this Splatoon stuff would be like if there was just a bunch of Pokemon stuff for us to collect. So, I'm happy for the Splatoon people.
Nama: Okay, so Nintendo consoles, I don't want to spend life.
Nama: I don't like a long, long time on this, but I am very interested in the consoles you can collect and the games that you can play on the consoles.
Nama: One thing that is true, but you guys didn't mention last week, is that you can only play these games if you have an Nintendo subscription.
Al: - How?
Al: - What?
Nama: Yep, so that's my feedback for you.
Al: Why?
Nama: Unless you're paying.
Al: - Oh, my word.
Al: This is like, oh, my word.
Al: I bet, I bet.
Al: My assumption is like,
Al: this is one of those things where
Al: some lawyer in Nintendo has said.
Al: If we actually, if we included this game for free
Al: inside the other game, then it means that.
Al: And then there's like some precedent that was done in one thing because like this old game was released for free or something and like they don't want to say any precedent or something and so technically you're not getting it for free you're getting it as part. I hate that so much.
Nama: Yeah, um, it is a very unfortunate detail.
Al: That's so so stupid. Is this the first time we've had something locked in a game behind the subscription other than online?
Nama: Yeah, um,
Al: Because obviously we've had as you've explained the DLCs that you can either buy or get for free, but like there's never been anything inside a game that you can't get if you're not a subscription except online.
Nama: um, I think so.
Nama: Yeah, you have to have a subscription. Yeah. Um, so the, there is a precedent for the NES games
Nama: being on Animal Crossing. Um, as I think Kevin explained last week, they were about 20 NES games
Nama: on the GameCube Animal Crossing. And you got access to them. I think there was a way to get them
Nama: through the just regular gameplay.
Nama: Yes, you could find them buried in the ground on certain days or get them from the lottery.
Nama: But I think you were designed like the game was designed to do them with e-reader cards,
Nama: that old GBA nugget, because there were some e-reader cards where you could swipe into your GBA
Nama: and just play a full NES game. So putting that into your Animal Crossing game, you could just have that
Nama: you it up in your NES console whenever you wanted to. So you could play the ones that were like
Nama: just in the game where like blue fights, Donkey Kong, Excite Bike, these arcade games really.
Nama: The thing with this game is in a new horizon, there is one game tied to each console.
Nama: So, you've-
Nama: But there's multiple versions of the same console, right? You've got the NES, the Nintendo Entertainment System, which is the American one, and then you've got Famicom, and then you've got the Famicom Disk System, which are all three independent machines.
Nama: So, there's going to be three NES games that we can play, again, with an active subscription.
Nama: The ones that are confirmed are Ice Climbers in Cluco Land, but I would assume with three different original consoles, like there's going to be a game for like the Famicom Disk System.
Nama: That you can play. I'm curious what these games are going to be. They have also come out and said that you can play Dr. Mario on Gameboy, but there are some confirmed consoles that are going to be in there like Super Famicom, not the Super Nintendo, but the Super Famicom was confirmed.
Nama: And presumably, all of, you know, this is me assuming, but I think that all of the consoles that have NSO support.
Nama: would potentially have a game in Animal Crossing, right? So, I'm wondering what are the Super Famicom and the SNES games going to be? What would the Gameboy Advance game be? What would the N64 game be?
Nama: And I wonder if there's GameCube support, are you going to be able to play a GameCube game inside of your Switch 2 Animal Crossing New Horizons game?
Nama: And I don't know, what are you thinking of all of this thoughts in mind?
Al: Yeah, I mean, I think I'd be surprised if they didn't have something for.
Al: Sorry. Well, no, let me before I go to the, are they really doing the Nez and the Famicom as separate ones?
Nama: Yes, because they're different machines so if you wanted to collect them if you wanted to collect them
Al: Well, well, well, okay, they are, they are different in terms of their shell, but inwards, they're the same thing.
Al: I see on your list they've got Super Famicom.
Al: But not the SNES? Or is that just not confirmed?
Nama: Well, those are the ones that work. Yeah, those are the ones that we saw in the list in the trailer
Nama: There's gonna be several more, you know, I'm assuming there's gonna be every game boy
Al: Yes, okay
Nama: There's gonna be a 3ds gate that console there's gonna be a DS console. I'm just that's me inferring
Al: So yeah, yeah, so there's an as and pharmacarm are gonna have the same ones. I don't think they would do anything different there
Nama: Is that why we only have two NES games confirmed because Nas and Famicom are both ice climber and then Famicom
Nama: disk system would be something like clue cooling.
Nama: I think that because I think that language is in the trailer that each console will have one
Al: Also, you're thinking one game, I don't know.
Al: Yeah, maybe, I don't know.
Al: That's a very good question.
Nama: Yeah
Al: I think I'd be surprised if there wasn't anything
Al: for the SNES or Super Cap Famicom.
Al: And obviously, we know there's something for the game by,
Al: I would hope there would be something
Al: for the GBA, if there's something for that.
Al: I can't really see them going any further than that.
Al: Maybe a game cube, but that feels like a lot.
Nama: Well, so GameCube and then N64 are the two bigger questions. Like do they do games for those?
Al: Oh, N64, I forgot about N64.
Nama: Yeah, it's like how far does it go? I don't know
Al: Yeah, 'cause I mean, they could do both of them,
Nama: Mm-hmm, and then the other questions like where are these games stored if it's through your NSO subscription?
Al: but would they?
Nama: Does it just like open up a new tab in your
Nama: in your NSO app and you're playing this game stored?
Al: My no, so my assumption is that it's going to be like our downloadable DLC type of thing that you can only get if you have the subscription.
Nama: Well, that's even more messed up. If it's tied behind a paywall, but you've got it downloaded
Nama: to your console, like you tell me I got to have all of F0 GX downloaded to my console,
Nama: but I can't play it unless I'm subscribed to NSO.
Al: Well, you can't download it unless you're subscribed.
Nama: Right, so there's going to be in theory, another pack on the eShop page where it's saying,
Nama: "Hey, if you've downloaded NSO, here's your Animal Crossing Pack."
Al: things. I mean, just like how you'd be downloading DLC, right? It's not that unusual.
Nama: Yeah, but but in that case wouldn't the page be up now
Nama: Because the page for this is up now the
Al: Not if they don't want to pay it.
Nama: Yeah, it's weird this whole like I'm happy that they did it because it honors what they did back in the GameCube one like
Nama: People still talk about that. They like hey, you remember when you could play a bunch of NES games on your animal crossing game
Al: [laughs]
Nama: So they people like Nintendo has like recognized that people remember that fondly and so
Nama: They put it in here, but the fact that it's one per console. It's not just like here's some NES games, you know
Nama: And the fact that it's tied behind the subscription. I just wonder what
Nama: Do they highlight and how far does it go and I like I think we've taken this conversation as far as we can because we just we'll find out eventually
Nama: You know, we'll find out in two months
Nama: But you know choosing which games to highlight do you go for the obvious ones so that people can like oh, here's Mario
Nama: Or is it like oh, I've never heard of
Nama: ZVS before that's cool
Al: - Yeah, I don't know.
Nama: So there you are this might be animal crossing thoughts is just thoughts about other Nintendo games
Al: Yeah, I mean, it's I guess it's the biggest question we have right because like there's there's obviously
Al: There's gonna be stuff that they've not told us about right there's always small small things that they haven't told us
Al: They barely told us about the crafting stuff
Al: So there's probably gonna be a few other things like that
Al: But other than that like this is the biggest question that we still have is what exactly does this mean?
Al: And how many are there and yeah, it will be we interest and see I think the thing is it will be weird because we know they're not all gonna have games
Al: they can't have the Switch 2 having a game.
Nama: No, no
Al: Just not possible unless they have like a not Switch 2 game and they have something else instead which is always possible like oh here's a GBA version of Mario Wonder or something stupid like that right but that's going to be then weird if you've got all your consoles lined up and you can play something on the game boy and you can't play something on the the 3DS.
Nama: I think what I would do is I would have the switch to going on, and you would click it,
Nama: and the little voice would say, "Oh, I'm playing my switch to right now."
Nama: And it's like, "It's Animal Crossing."
Al: So like, so like what they did with the with every Pokemon game where you you you see the console and you do it and you're like, oh, I'm playing a game on this.
Nama: Yeah, but like, it's a little meta
Nama: because you're holding it, you know?
Al: Yeah, yeah, maybe
Nama: The last question is,
Nama: if this is tied to your NSO subscription,
Nama: is there gonna be a Sega Genesis in here?
Al: [laughter]
Nama: [laughing]
Nama: Like, am I gonna?
Al: Well, it's-- I mean, OK, to ruin your fun,
Al: it's not the consoles that are on NSO, right?
Al: Because they have the switch to, right?
Al: That's not on NSO.
Nama: Yeah, right.
Al: So it's not all the consoles that are in NSO,
Al: we have a version of.
Al: But yeah, that is a funny concept of adding in this.
Nama: Right.
Nama: Playing, playing, playing, yeah?
Al: I mean, it wouldn't be weird because they
Al: have the Lego stuff, right?
Al: They've done crossovers with non-nandendo stuff.
Al: So they could do that.
Al: But I don't know, could I see Sega agreeing to that?
Al: And do they want their console?
Al: And in an Nintendo game.
Nama: Well, they you can already buy an official Nintendo controller that is a Sega Genesis controller and
Nama: You can already on your console if you've got in a so play Sonic 2 for free right now
Nama: So could you open up Animal Crossing New Horizons 3.0 go to your Sega Genesis console click it on and play Sonic 2 within
Nama: Animal Crossing. I don't know that that's a fun hypothetical
Al: That would certainly be a fun one to have if you could do Sonic.
Al: All right. Any other thoughts on these updates before we close out?
Nama: We said at the very top of the show, but the fact that you can craft from your storage,
Nama: man, that's really going to give a lot of motivation to crafting back, because then I could
Nama: just look at, like just thinking alone about the craftable sign, and then it's not going
Nama: to be three items.
Nama: It's going to be hundreds and hundreds of items.
Nama: You're like, "Oh, what am I going to make?"
Nama: And it'll be like, "Oh, you've never made this before."
Nama: I'm like, oh, let me make it right now.
Nama: I just cannot wait to go in.
Al: Uh, yeah, absolutely read. I think the thing that was the thing that most annoyed me about crafting is you're like, oh, I can't craft this thing, right. What do I need? Oh, do I have that stuff? I don't know. Let's go find out and just being able to know immediately. Do I have this stuff or not is going to be great.
Nama: and then yeah so yeah I'm glad they're doing it um for free is great and looking forward to January
Nama: 15th to Buddha.
Al: Just before we finish. I lied. There was one other big question we have, which is why? Why now? Why?
Al: Four years after the last update that was going to be the final update. Why are they doing this now so weird?
Nama: I don't know um yeah I think okay so obviously they work on this the next
Nama: console when the when the previous consoles finished you know they started
Al: Yeah, probably before that.
Nama: switch to development on March 4th 2017 yeah so they're probably like hmm
Nama: we're doing these switch to editions what makes the most sense let's do Mario
Nama: I wonder, let's do...
Nama: You know, let's do friggin', I don't know, what's a curvy, and then let's do animal crossing, right? Animal crossing, new fence post is not even close to being done yet, so we'll just put out new horizons and that makes sense.
Nama: So, sure.
Nama: I think that this opens up the floodgates even more to what else is going to get a switch to addition, really.
Nama: Like, now that they said new horizons, switch to addition, okay.
Nama: Sure. That's great. But, you know, it's the 3.0.
Al: But this is the thing. It's not a just a switch to addition. The switch to addition is basically nothing, right?
Nama: Okay, so yeah. I
Al: Like if they released this switch to addition and had those four things, fine. Great. I'm not buying that. I'm not playing the game.
Al: Maybe that's it. Maybe this is why maybe I just answered my question. They knew the switch to addition wouldn't get people playing the game again.
Nama: I think that is the answer.
Al: So they needed to give you other stuff to do that.
Nama: Yeah, because all of these other switch to additions
Nama: have had stuff to dip back into,
Nama: like the Mario Party, Jamboree had an addition,
Nama: Kirby had an addition.
Nama: So if they're doing a switch to then yes,
Nama: they're gonna have some new content for you to enjoy.
Nama: The interesting decision, the strange one,
Nama: is that they made that new content free to everybody else.
Al: I so not Nintendo. This is the thing. It's not like it's a weird concept for games, right? Like look at starchy where we've had like five whole new games for free, right?
Nama: That's what makes this different.
Nama: Yeah. It is strange. I think that there's just something down to the design philosophy.
Al: But Nintendo don't do this.
Nama: Again, as we said at the top of the show, that made them say, "Well, it really would
Nama: be in our best interest if everybody could do these things," which is, yeah. Yeah. Well,
Al: but they didn't do that with the happy home paradise DLC that was a paid deals like if they
Al: didn't do that I would absolutely review it's a hundred percent the animal crossing team just
Nama: So that's the thing is, it was...
Al: wants to give you as much as possible for what they have.
Nama: But it was both a paid DLC and it wasn't.
Nama: It's in this weird zone because if you're going to enjoy Animal Crossing to its fullest,
Nama: you're already going to be paying for an online subscription.
Al: But then that that argument could be made for all the other expansion packs that were free on there as well, and the split into was DLC was free the the the new Mario Kart
Nama: Yeah, notice that all of these free DLCs are the social ones, the ones that are in the online
Al: eight Deluxe DLC was free
Nama: players, you know, Mario Kart, you're playing online, Splatoon, you're playing online,
Nama: Animal Crossing, you're playing online.
Nama: They didn't put, yeah.
Al: Pokemon.
Al: That's, I mean, I know that's different,
Al: but it's also not in the same way.
Al: Like, I, I don't know.
Nama: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. We're just, we're just throwing darts at the board.
Al: I'm not sure whether I buy that.
Al: [laughing]
Nama: You can't, you can't explain this strange choice they made. But yeah. Yeah.
Al: No, you're right, we can't, we can't.
Al: We're just guessing.
Al: I just, it's, it's fascinating because, yeah,
Al: I think if the DLC didn't exist and it was all three updates,
Al: I would 100% agree this is weird for Nintendo,
Al: does seem that Animal Crossing team wants to do this,
Al: and they seem to get their way.
Nama: I think that there is a logic to it.
Al: But.
Nama: There's just like some guesswork and what that logic is.
Al: [laughing]
Al: Yeah, I guess it could be as simple as the team had a fight
Al: four years ago and the people that were on the side of,
Al: we should be releasing DLC, they're no longer
Al: with the company.
Al: And so the people who'd want its stuff to be free win.
Nama: Yeah. Yeah.
Al: No, that is a possibility and that is something we will never truly know because it's internal politics.
Al: Anyway, are you still there? Okay, cool. Just checking.
Nama: - Yeah, I'm still there.
Nama: - Yeah. (laughs)
Al: All right. Well, thank you now me for joining me. I guess we'll we'll we'll see how it is when it actually comes out next year.
Al: This feels like the longest between an announcement for animal crossing update and it coming out.
Nama: Yeah, I wonder I maybe they were just
Nama: Positioning this ahead of the holidays
Nama: Just like before holiday shopping begins and earnest. They're like hey also if you're a fan of
Nama: Didn't like a animal crossing you can get a switch to yeah, you can get us
Al: put aside $5. Oh, right. Oh, it's for it's switch to sales.
Nama: Yeah, you can get a switch to for the holidays and then still have something
Al: I think what's interesting is that it's coming out in January.
Al: Like, is it really not ready now?
Al: Could you not have it out for now?
Nama: [laughing]
Al: Like, because my argument for game releases is,
Al: you never announced the date of a release
Al: unless you could release it now.
Nama: sure. Especially now it is, I'll tell you, here's the thing.
Al: And I feel like Nintendo generally does that,
Al: if we ignore Pokemon.
Al: So I just like, do they actually need these next two months
Al: to see if Pollock.
Al: Yeah, I doubt it. It just seems like a weird time for it because like this is our, tell me if I'm wrong, but animal crossing very much feels like a autumn winter game.
Nama: Um, me, I don't know, I think what it is, is that they have a game coming out in December
Nama: and they have a game coming out in February. So like, okay, well, we'll give us some,
Nama: we'll put in them across in January. Like, I think that, well, I don't know.
Al: It's not, but it's not, it's not any, what's February?
Al: Oh, you're, oh, you mean they, they will have one,
Al: not that they've announced one, okay?
Nama: Yeah, yeah, there might be a February game.
Al: 'Cause what's the crossover between met tried
Al: and animal crossing players?
Nama: Well, nothing. I think Nintendo likes to have
Nama: something come out every month. And I think like, okay, we're having a new Nintendo
Nama: published game come out on the shelf in December, and we had an Nintendo
Nama: public game come out in November. What's our Nintendo public game coming out in
Nama: January? I think that they really, since it's a new box on the shelf, I think
Nama: that like they count Animal Crossing Switch to Edition as their game for the
Nama: month. Even if it's a $5 upgrade to people who already opened it, it is a new, yeah,
Al: Yeah, no, that's fair. I've seen that argument as well from people is that they clearly certainly sense the switch to to come have come out. They've released something every month.
Nama: Yeah. Like Mario Party, Jamboree, H, like Switch to Edition, that was their, that was their August game.
Al: So.
Al: Yeah.
Nama: Now, here it is.
Al: Yeah, yeah, and I guess that's the thing is if you're going to release something in January.
Al: It needs to be something small or it needs to be something that you don't
Al: want a humongous number of sales for, that will forever amuse me. You cannot convince me that
Nama: - Yeah, like something like Pokemon Legends arc is,
Nama: [laughing]
Al: that game wasn't delayed. You just cannot convince me that there is no way the original plan was
Al: releasing those two games two months apart.
Nama: - Oh, okay, cool, there we are.
Al: All right, thank you very much. Is there anything you would like to share with the audience?
Nama: Not really. I may or may not be cooking at my own projects down the line, but you can just say hello to me,
Nama: not me the nerd on pretty much anything. If you're on X, if you're on Blue Sky, I'll see it eventually.
Al: [laughing]
Nama: I'm not scrolling on those places every day, but I'll see it eventually.
Nama: Yeah, that's where people could find me.
Al: All right, perfect, well, you can find the podcast on tumblr and blue sky at THS pod.
Al: You can send us feedback on our website harvestseason.club or on Spotify comments, which
Al: I very occasionally check.
Al: They don't email me when I get a comment.
Al: The email me monthly saying how many comments I've had, which for me is either zero or
Al: one.
Al: So that's why I'm often late.
Al: It was two weeks ago that this the Spotify comment was left and this
Al: I'm talking about it now cuz we're just got I just they do yeah, I just got the October emails saying you had a comment like great tell me before now, please
Nama: Well, at least they tell you at all.
Al: You can also find on our website links to everything to do with the podcast including link to our patreon patreon.com/thspod where you can get access to the slack and chat with everyone
Al: You can also get access to our bonus episodes of the podcast. We are once we're finished here and
Al: Nami has run out of time. We will be recording an episode about the avatar the last airbender universe cuz I'm now I've now watched basically everything
Al: So and I think Nami's just been waiting for a year to talk to me about it
Nama: Yeah, yep, I've just been ready to pound so I was like he's gonna invite me eventually he's gonna talk to me again
Al: Was literally I sent Nami a message saying would you be up for doing this and he was like yeah, yeah, do you want to do this?
Nama: I've got it, yep.
Al: It's not often people come to me with the greenhouse episode topics
Al: But I'm glad when they do
Al: So yeah, they'll hopefully be coming out soon after this episode, but no promises. I don't know how busy this upcoming week is for editing
Al: Yeah, that's everything. Thank you Nami again for joining me
Nama: Hey, thanks a lot. As you guys can tell, listen, we just have a good time talking to each
Nama: other. Alan, I have known each other for a long time now. So it's nice to just have an
Nama: occasion to, you know, talk about the stuff.
Al: Yeah. Absolutely. Thank you listeners for listening and until next time, have a good harvest.
Nama: Have a good harvest.
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Al McHenry with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart and Alisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave and our music is done by Nick Burtis.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Al: Just be starting the sim recording because we were talking for a couple of minutes.
Nama: restarted here yeah let me do the same and below my recording again all right
Al: All right. Okay.
Nama: I'm ready do we sorry sorry I I both do you want to clap again okay cool
Al: Hello, farmer. Oh,
Al: now it's it's fine.
Nama: all right here we go